README.md updated (#472)
okta/okta-sdk-java: README.md

## Connection Retry / Rate Limiting

By default, this SDK will retry requests that return with response code `503`, `504`, `429`, or socket/connection exceptions.

Default configuration tells SDK to retry requests up to 4 times without time limitation:

> ```ini

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```properties
```

okta.client.requestTimeout = 0 //Sets the maximum number of seconds to wait when retrying before giving up.
okta.client.rateLimit.maxRetries = 4 //Sets the maximum number of attempts to retrying before giving up.
```

For interactive clients (i.e. web pages) it is optimal to set `requestTimeout` to be 10 sec (or less, based on your needs), and the `maxRetries` attempts to be 0.
This means the requests will retry as many times as possible within 10 seconds:

```ini
okta.client.requestTimeout = 10
okta.client.rateLimit.maxRetries = 0
```

or
 
```java
import com.okta.sdk.client.Client;
import com.okta.sdk.client.Clients;

Client client = Clients.builder()
                .setRetryMaxElapsed(10)
                .setRetryMaxAttempts(0)
                .build();
```

For batch/non-interactive processes optimal values are opposite. It is optimal to set `requestTimeout` to be 0, and the `maxRetries` attempts to be 5.
The SDK will retry requests up to 5 times before failing:
```ini
okta.client.requestTimeout = 0
okta.client.rateLimit.maxRetries = 5
```

> If you need to limit execution time and retry attempts, you can set `requestTimeout` to be 30, and the `maxRetries` attempts to be 15.
> This means the requests will retry up to 15 times within 30 seconds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to limit execution time and retry attempts, you can set both `requestTimeout` and the `maxRetries`.

For example, the following example would retry up to 15 times within 30 seconds:

```

```ini
okta.client.requestTimeout = 30
okta.client.rateLimit.maxRetries = 15
```

To disable the retry functionality you need to set both variables to zero:

> ```ini

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```properties
```
